sourceFile/content/getstart/Install.md, before:

# Install

## Source

LibSingal provides installation from source code.
Please execute the following command to install and configure  our environment.

```---
mkdir DaRL
cd DaRL
git clone git@github.com:DaRL-LibSignal/LibSignal.git
```

## Simulator environment configuration
<br />
Though CityFlow and SUMO are stable under Windows and Linux systems, we still recommend users work under the Linux system. Currently, CBEngine is stable under the Linux system.<br><br>

### CityFlow Environment
<br />

To install CityFlow simulator, please follow the instruction on [CityFlow Doc](https://cityflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html#)


```
sudo apt update && sudo apt install -y build-essential cmake

git clone https://github.com/cityflow-project/CityFlow.git
cd CityFlow
pip install .
```
To test configuration:
```
import cityflow
env = cityflow.Engine
```
<br>

### SUMO Environment
<br />

To install SUMO environment, please follow the instruction on [SUMO Doc](https://epics-sumo.sourceforge.io/sumo-install.html#)

```
sudo apt-get install cmake python g++ libxerces-c-dev libfox-1.6-dev libgdal-dev libproj-dev libgl2ps-dev swig

git clone --recursive https://github.com/eclipse/sumo

export SUMO_HOME="$PWD/sumo"
mkdir sumo/build/cmake-build && cd sumo/build/cmake-build
cmake ../..
make -j$(nproc)
```
To test installation:
```
cd ~/DaRL/sumo/bin
./sumo
```

To add SUMO and traci model into system PATH, execute code below:
```
export SUMO_HOME=~/DaRL/sumo
export PYTHONPATH="$SUMO_HOME/tools:$PYTHONPATH"
```
To test configuration:
```
import libsumo
import traci
```
<br>

### CBEngine
<br />

CBEngine currently works stably under the Linux system; we highly recommend users choose Linux if we plan to conduct experiments under the CBEinge simulation environment. (Currently not available)

<br>


## Requirment
<br />

Our code is based on Python version 3.9 and Pytorch version 1.11.0. For example, if your CUDA version is 11.3 you can follow the instruction on [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/)

```
pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio --extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Selective agents
<br />

We also support agents implemented based on other libraries
```
# Colight Geometric implementation based on default environment mentioned in Requirment

pip install torch-scatter torch-sparse torch-cluster torch-spline-conv torch-geometric -f https://data.pyg.org/whl/torch-1.11.0+cu113.html

# ppo_pfrl implementation
pip install pfrl
```
Detailed instrcuctions can be found on page [Pytorch_geometric](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/installation.html) and [PFRL](https://pfrl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html). After installation, user should uncomment code in PATH ./agent/\_\_init\_\_.py 
```
# from .ppo_pfrl import IPPO_pfrl
# from colight import CoLightAgent
```

## selective simulation environment
If users only need some specific simulation environments, please comment on the respective codes following the instructions below.

![uncommon_world](/_static/world_uncomment.png)

![uncommon_generator1](/_static/generator_uncomment1.png)

![uncommon_generator2](/_static/generator_uncomment2.png)

Now, you can use LibSignal;for more details, please refer to Quick Start.

Commit message:

add colab link to install part

sourceFile/content/getstart/Install.md, after:

# Install
## Hands on Experience👉[Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FrMTRsbSkZGAeN-Mh4PqWMI-SrDM3J7w?usp=share_link)
## Install on your device with Source Code

LibSingal provides installation from source code.
Please execute the following command to install and configure  our environment.

```---
mkdir DaRL
cd DaRL
git clone git@github.com:DaRL-LibSignal/LibSignal.git
```

## Simulator environment configuration
<br />
Though CityFlow and SUMO are stable under Windows and Linux systems, we still recommend users work under the Linux system. Currently, CBEngine is stable under the Linux system.<br><br>

### CityFlow Environment
<br />

To install CityFlow simulator, please follow the instruction on [CityFlow Doc](https://cityflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html#)


```
sudo apt update && sudo apt install -y build-essential cmake

git clone https://github.com/cityflow-project/CityFlow.git
cd CityFlow
pip install .
```
To test configuration:
```
import cityflow
env = cityflow.Engine
```
<br>

### SUMO Environment
<br />

To install SUMO environment, please follow the instruction on [SUMO Doc](https://epics-sumo.sourceforge.io/sumo-install.html#)

```
sudo apt-get install cmake python g++ libxerces-c-dev libfox-1.6-dev libgdal-dev libproj-dev libgl2ps-dev swig

git clone --recursive https://github.com/eclipse/sumo

export SUMO_HOME="$PWD/sumo"
mkdir sumo/build/cmake-build && cd sumo/build/cmake-build
cmake ../..
make -j$(nproc)
```
To test installation:
```
cd ~/DaRL/sumo/bin
./sumo
```

To add SUMO and traci model into system PATH, execute code below:
```
export SUMO_HOME=~/DaRL/sumo
export PYTHONPATH="$SUMO_HOME/tools:$PYTHONPATH"
```
To test configuration:
```
import libsumo
import traci
```
<br>

### CBEngine
<br />

CBEngine currently works stably under the Linux system; we highly recommend users choose Linux if we plan to conduct experiments under the CBEinge simulation environment. (Currently not available)

<br>


## Requirment
<br />

Our code is based on Python version 3.9 and Pytorch version 1.11.0. For example, if your CUDA version is 11.3 you can follow the instruction on [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/)

```
pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio --extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Selective agents
<br />

We also support agents implemented based on other libraries
```
# Colight Geometric implementation based on default environment mentioned in Requirment

pip install torch-scatter torch-sparse torch-cluster torch-spline-conv torch-geometric -f https://data.pyg.org/whl/torch-1.11.0+cu113.html

# ppo_pfrl implementation
pip install pfrl
```
Detailed instrcuctions can be found on page [Pytorch_geometric](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/installation.html) and [PFRL](https://pfrl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html). After installation, user should uncomment code in PATH ./agent/\_\_init\_\_.py 
```
# from .ppo_pfrl import IPPO_pfrl
# from colight import CoLightAgent
```

## selective simulation environment
If users only need some specific simulation environments, please comment on the respective codes following the instructions below.

![uncommon_world](/_static/world_uncomment.png)

![uncommon_generator1](/_static/generator_uncomment1.png)

![uncommon_generator2](/_static/generator_uncomment2.png)

Now, you can use LibSignal;for more details, please refer to Quick Start.
